https://codepen.io/bashjoey/pen/KKzwKVy

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

    Semantic HTML is intentionally using human and contextual words to markup a website so that it is both understandable to 
    everyone and accessible to those who use screen readers and assistive technology. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 

    For marking up a webpage- providing a structural layout that both people and browsers can understand.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

    Attributes provide extra details about an element. It would go within the element's tag after the element is called, 
    i.e. <a href="#"> = 'a' is the element, 'href' is the attribute.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

    The h1 element is the highest header within the HTML header hierarchy. It should only be used one time, and should be the 
    defining title of the webpage.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    The img element requires an attribute such as src, a element requires an attribute such as href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

    Boiler plate! The head has information about the HTML, such as what version is being used, the title of the page, what 
    character encoding, metadata descriptors such as the title author and page description, and more. This is also where 
    you'd call your stylesheet, favicons, external fonts, etc.

    7. What is an id? 

    An id is a an attribute that is specific and can only be called once

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    id is a global identifier so my undertanding is that it can be added to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

    Once. 

    10. What is a class? 

    Similar to id only it can be reused throughout the page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    Again my understanding is that it can be used on any.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    As many times as you need.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    target='_blank'

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

    Describing the contents of the image for accessibility.

    15. How do I reference an id?

    id='thisIsTheID'

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

    They are the same, section just adds semantic meaning to the div.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

    Styling, color, positioning, fonts, etc. Basically anything visual.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    If you have, say, ten h2 tags- and you want to modify something about just one of them and never again make 
    this modification, id would be preferable. If you wanted to modify 5 of the 10 h2's, you'd use class, because
    classes are reusable. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

    .className {

    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    .human p {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    !!!I'll come back to this

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    !!!

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    !!!

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    div {
    border-style: dotted;
    border-width: 1px;
    border-color: black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    The universal selector!

    * {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

    /* Like This */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm -rf filename.ext - There is no confirmation prompt and deletion is irreversible. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

    Version control allows for saving code, tracking updates, and allows for collaboration among multiple contributors.
    It also allows for you to revert back to a prior state in case you screw something up.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

    As often as possible, but I imagine this is a preference thing.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

    git push origin master [or in our case with pushing to a separate branch] git push origin joseph-cristina

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   -->